Object detection - SAHI (#508)
lightly-ai/lightly-train: docs/source/object_detection.md

The predicted boxes are in the absolute (x_min, y_min, x_max, y_max) format, i.e. represent
the size of the dimension of the bounding boxes in pixels of the original image.

### Improving Small Objects Detection

Detecting small objects in high-resolution images can be challenging because they may occupy only a few pixels when the image is resized to the model’s input resolution.
To address this, we support Slicing Aided Hyper Inference (SAHI) allowing the model to make predictions from overlapping tiles of the original image at full resolution and then merge the predictions.

Using tiled inference requires no extra setup:

```python
import lightly_train

model = lightly_train.load_model("dinov3/vitt16-ltdetr-coco")

> labels, boxes, scores = model.predict_sahi(image="image.jpg").values()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results = model.predict_sahi(image="image.jpg")
results["labels"]   # Class labels, tensor of shape (num_boxes,)
results["bboxes"]   # Bounding boxes in (xmin, ymin, xmax, ymax) absolute pixel
                    # coordinates of the original image. Tensor of shape (num_boxes, 4).
results["scores"]   # Confidence scores, tensor of shape (num_boxes,)
```

Then it has the same format as elsewhere in the docs.
